as you just saw Alexa hospital is
warning of an imminent Health
catastrophe if fuel is not supplied soon
the medical director has issued an
urgent appeal for
assistance ala Hospital needs more than
4,000 lers of fuel a day so that we can
cater to patients and provide needed
treatments we have hundreds of patients
including the injured and those who are
diagnosed with kidney failure and need
electricity for their dialysis treatment
this will stop completely without any
fuel we calling on International
organizations to send 50,000 L of fuel
before there's an imminent crisis here
otherwise it's the injured that pay the
price all the patients will be condemned
to death especially those in the ICU the
incubators and those relying on dialysis
treatment let's join T AB my
correspondent de aala in central Gaza
good morning T let's just begin with the
focus uh on hospitals and the concern
about fuel
well that's right soel good morning uh
firstly uh the vast majority of gaza's
hospital since day one of the fighting
were grappling with the Deep shortage
and severe uh reduction in amount of
fuel being delivered to such hospitals
in order to be operational and to
continue to provide medical treatment
for uh more than 1.5 million
Palestinians and the situation now
sounds sounds critically D for Al
Hospital which is nearly to run out of
the fuel as the uh electric current has
went off uh since yesterday overnight
and it's R turned early it means that
the hospital is depending and using
small generators instead of using large
one that consume more fuel in order to
make the hospital be operational uh
using the very limited and minimum rates
of capabilities uh inside this very uh
uh important hospital that is facing
more mounting H and neous uh human
humanitarian medical pressure but the
situation is also getting much more dire
for hospitals in the north of the Gaza
Strip in particular in Kamal adwan
hospital that has been hit twice
yesterday overnight by the Israeli
artillery that is advancing towards the
entrance of that medical compound
alongside that Al AA hospital as we've
been hearing from Medics there that the
Israeli soldiers have been crashing and
destroying everything including the
doors of the hospital the department and
as the military has been using loud
speakers in order to order people and
families of the patients to flee from
the buildings of that medical combat
that was previously by the way stormed
by the Israeli Army and at the same time
some of the Medics refused to flee until
the uh Israeli military forces could
bring ambulances who which can help
patients in critical conditions to flee
to western side of Gaza City or at least
to a place uh which they can get a kind
of proper Medical treatment so the
overall situation is getting dire as
more appeals being made by the wh to
afford them an urgent protection indeed
it's not just protection that the
hospitals need as you say they need fuel
too and it's hard to imagine how that
fuel is going to enter the Gaza Strip
when the crossings are closed and the
bombardment by the Israeli military
continues well that is the Striking
reality uh in fact
now the Israeli military continues to
close borders including andam acrossing
the South and there was no any kind of
Aid now getting from the north of the
strip only what has been getting into
the Gaza Strip our commercial our
commercial trucks that had been uh
entering the territory in coordination
with the Israeli Army and only
humanitarian aid supplies from the
recently floating dock that was
established in the coaster line of the
Gaza Strip and the numers of eight
trucks that get into this trip cannot
really match the 's needs of gaza's
population so uh what is happening
before is what was happening before is
that the hospital was receiving uh a
very limited number of Convoy fuel by
the uh hona and by some of the
humanitarian organizations but these
organizations themselves right now are
grappling in order to afford to afford
fuel for their facilities it means that
they are even struggling to keep be
operational on the ground and this is a
clear result of the military expansion
of the fighting and Military incursion
of rafah District because we said before
that rafah is a very important city it
contains the main two Crossing Borders
that are responsible uh for delivering
aids to the Gaza Strip and now with the
closure of these borders the situation
is exacerbating day by day as more
Palestinians believe that the Gaza Strip
will lose all kinds of Medical Services
soon if there's going to be no any kind
of an immediate intervention to rescue
what has been left from gaza's
hospitals T [__] was zoomed there for us
in Dar oala we're check in with you
throughout the day thanks
T make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from alaz